faucet 2022 (#62)
faucet-pipeline/docs: content/js.md

course, modified a little when you use fingerprinting).

## Format and Modules

> By default, faucet builds your file as an IIFE. You can also configure your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, faucet builds your JavaScript bundle as an [IIFE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immediately_invoked_function_expression). You can also configure your
```

bundle to output a different module format like ESM (your choices are: `iife`,
`esm`, `umd`, `amd`, and `commonjs`):

```js
module.exports = {
    js: [{
        source: "./index.js",
        target: "./dist/bundle.js",
        format: "esm"
    }]
};
```

If you chose a module format that does not support importing/exporting natively
(i.e. `iife` or `umd`), the `exports` option determines the name of the global
variable under which the source module's export will be exposed.

> If you want to include an external library that is delivered separately and
> exported to the global namespace, you can configure it as an "external" in

Reviewer: This paragraph seems confusing if you don't already understand the mechanisms.

```suggestion
If your source code references an external library which you don't want
included in the bundle - typically because its API is provided as a global
variable - you can declare that library to be "external":
```

(The phrasing here is far from perfect though; consider it a rough draft.)

Author: I think your suggestion is much better, what do you not like about it?

faucet:

```js
module.exports = {
    js: [{
        source: "./index.js",
        target: "./dist/bundle.js",
        externals: {
            jquery: "jQuery"
        }
    }]
};
```

With this configuration, importing `from "jquery"` will be rewritten to
reference the global variable `jQuery` in the output file. In your files, you
can use it as if it would be installed as an npm package:

```js

> import { jQuery } from 'jquery';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { jQuery } from "jquery";
```
